[ Clattering ]
Karin! Karin!
Hey, Karin.
Can you hear me?
Karin, are you okay?
Karin! Hey!
[ Gasps ]
Who you think you're
messing with, you old hag!
Where'd you go?! Show yourself!
Fight me, you coward!
C'mon! Bring it on!
What do you think?
Any ideas?
Hope you enjoyed it because
there won't be a second time!
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
And with that,
my dear colonel,
the White Marginal's
been delivered as promised.
As for my reward,
what'd you have in min--
Get out.
Huh?
I told you
she was not to be harmed.
Oh, please, those tiny scratches
hardly count as --
Did you not
hear me before?
Get...out.
Aaah!
Sis, where are you going?
Wait, s'il vous plait!
O'Malley: Outta my way,
you wooden-headed lubber!
Step aside! Move!
Uh...
♪♪
Aaaah!
I beg your forgiveness.
It would appear my instructions
have not been heeded.
I had no intention
of causing you harm.
My...
You're lovely.
Uh, I'm so sorry,
but I'm a little confused here.
At long last,
we finally meet...
Fena Houtman.
Huh...
I've been searching for you
for 10 long years.
Now you're here...
princess.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Water dripping ]
No luck here.
Enju: Crap!
If we'd known
this would happen,
we should've finished them off
in Bar-barall!
We don't harm
women or children.
Our hands were tied.
We did our best.
Okay, be honest.
How do I look? C'mon.
Do I look cute?
Do not hold back!
I think -- Cute? Uh...
Do I?
You better not be lying to me!
Okay.
Why'd you
look away just now?
I-I didn't.
Hmm.
Yukimaru...
What is he doing?
Looking for explosives.
When charges go off,
some always fail to detonate.
So he went scavenging.
There's a crack
in the ceiling.
We're beneath the river,
and water's heavy.
If one goes off,
gravity will take over.
Oooh, yeah.
Thankfully, we have two monkeys
who can climb up there.
Huh?
Hey, Shitan.
Hmm?
Thoughts?
You're as funny looking
as always.
Nothing's really changed.
You wanna rethink
that answer there, bud?
Aaah!
Shitan.
Found one.
♪♪
Oh, no! Now what?!
[ Gasps ]
Aah!
[ All gasping ]
Hey!
Are all of you okay?
What happened in there?!
♪♪
[ Sips ]
If its aroma isn't
quite to your liking,
I can brew you
something else.
Oh no.
That's not it.
The tea's fine.
Thank you.
Look,
I just need to say that...
La Pucelle.
[ Gasps ]
That name.
How did you --
I'm someone
who knew your honored mother.
"Honored mother"?
You're saying...
you knew her?
Yes,
and she was quite lovely.
Eyes of a deep blue,
like that of the South Seas.
Skin more beautiful
than freshly-fallen snow.
As well as a bounty
of platinum hair
that would shine
like burnished steel.
And a smile that
would bring happiness
to those with the honor
of being in her presence.
You truly are...
the very image of her.
♪♪
I -- I'm afraid
I don't really know anything
about my mother.
Yes, I know.
I hope there
will come a time
when I'll be able
to tell you all about her.
But first...
there is something of which
I must inform you of.
Huh?
Do you have any idea
who they really are?
Who "they" are?
Do you mean Yukimaru
and the others?
"The goblins come
in the dark of night,
to snatch away children,
filled with fright."
Have you heard that song?
I...
Yes, I think I have.
They kill women and children
without hesitation.
Where they have passed by,
nothing but poppies grow.
The devils
from the East.
Murderers who drift
wherever the wind takes them.
When I was young boy,
I, too, was told stories
about them.
Those tales
are no mere legend.
The Goblin Knights
are as real as me or you.
Fena...
I'm so sorry.
I shudder to think,
you've been living
under the same roof
as those monsters.
Where do you think
you're going?
We're gonna rescue Fena!
Yeah, we don't
have time to relax --
Forget it!
Karin, did you memorize
those numbers?
I, uh...
Mm-hmm, yeah.
"Upon obtaining either
the coordinates or a map,
return home at once."
Those are our orders
from Yukihisa.
Huh?
We're protecting Fena.
Wasn't that our job?
Or is it not?
Our ancestors were
given a mission
by the Imperial Court
of the day
and set out
from our homeland.
Don't be fooled.
Their only aim
is to seek out
an ancient,
lost legendary treasure.
So they're after
a treasure?
This mythical item
is said to be capable
of founding a nation,
but it was snuck out
of the country
and hidden away at the end
of the 3rd Century.
One of Japan's
three sacred treasures.
The sword, Kusanagi.
"Track it down it using
any and all means necessary.
and bring it back home."
That is the mission
that was entrusted to our clan
those many years ago.
They say...
the whereabouts of the Kusanagi
is called...
Both: Eden.
Go to Eden!
A land lost to time.
The powers that be
have frantically
been searching for it
for many centuries now.
A vast temple
concealing a treasure
that can rule the world.
Some call it
the Vault of the Earth.
In short,
the treasures spoken of
in legends from around the globe
can all be found in this place.
That is Eden.
Shitan: "In Eden,
King Solomon lies sleeping.
And three paces
to his left
conceals
the blade of the gods."
Yajiro said that
during his travels with Xavier.
So Eden...
is our starting point.
Our first order of business
is to reach it.
As for the Houtmans,
they are a bloodline
with deep ties to Eden.
Hey,
wait a minute!
You're saying
the only reason
we've served
the Houtmans is --
The shipwreck
was purely coincidence.
But over the course
of serving the Houtmans,
we eventually learned
their connection to Eden.
And then, of course,
10 years ago
came the Hope incident.
Franz shouted it out
in front of Fena and Yukimaru.
"Go to Eden!"
But Franz is
no longer with us.
The only clues we have left
that might lead us to Eden...
Lie locked away
in Fena's memories.
The Knights...
are using you
to serve their ends.
You're wrong!
Because...
Yukimaru saved my life
on so many --
For one reason!
Because you are the key
to the Goblin Knights
finding Eden.
And he didn't save you.
You, a mere child,
were set adrift
into a stormy sea.
I know this is
painful to hear,
but your life
wasn't their priority.
They only cut you loose
because they feared
Fena Houtman falling into
the hands of their enemies.
No! You're lying!
Princess Fena...
The nature of truth...
Is that it falls short
of what we envisioned it to be.
[ Gasps ]
Who gives a damn
about that crap?!
We don't care
about her memories!
So then you're saying
that Yukihisa's
been lying to us
all this time?
Fena would never lie
to us like that!
What he said!
Yeah, Shitan.
We can't just up and turn
our backs on Fena.
Fena is...
one of us now.
Let's rescue her.
We don't have time
for that.
I've already
sent word to him
that we've obtained
the coordinates.
If we don't return
to the island, we'd be traitors.
That's just
a dumb formality!
We don't have to tell him
that we --
It's too late!
He's...coming.
Huh?
What'd you say?
Kei's on his way here.
♪♪
You mean...
Why would he...
♪♪
He's not...
He's not coming to kill us,
is he?
Shitan: Think it through.
If we let our emotions
get the best of us
and go rescue Fena,
we'll be seen as rebels
who disobeyed a direct order.
We would
become fugitives.
You know what they do
to traitors.
Face it.
We'll be hunted to the ends
of the earth and executed.
Mm...
♪♪
We have no other choice...
but to return to the island.
Tsubaki:
Yukimaru, wait!
Karin: Yukimaru!
Let's head back
for the time being!
He's right, you know!
Then we can go through
the proper channels
and get
Yukihisa's blessing!
We'll still have plenty
of time to save her!
You all should go back.
No one else needs
to be a fugitive here.
Tsubaki: C'mon!
Don't be stupid!
All of them
at once?
That's just crazy!
It's a pirate ship!
If you go in alone,
you'd be committing suicide!
And even if you did
manage to get her out.
Kei would --
[ Both gasp ]
Don't go.
Fena is a witch.
She steals the heart
of all she meets.
She enchants people
and leads them to their doom.
Yukimaru,
come to your senses.
Let's go back
to the island together.
For 10 years...
I could not get her
out of my head.
Her shouting my name
amidst the fire and terror.
Her trembling hand.
Her eyes,
filled with sadness and despair
as she drifted away
and the emptiness I felt
afterward.
I'll never let go
of her hand again.
It doesn't matter to me
who or what she is.
I am going to save Fena.
And if anybody
tries to get in my way...
I'll kill them
without mercy.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Should we have let him
just go?
♪♪
[ Waves crashing ]
Fena: Guys...
Yukimaru...
[ Knocks on door ]
[ Gasps ] Y-Yes?
Pardon me.
I've brought you
a change of clothes.
Huh?
[ Door closes ]
Uh, I um...
I'll leave them here.
Hey!
Hold on a minute!
Yes?
Are you busy?
Can we chat?
I've been dying to
have someone to talk to.
I'm afraid I don't
have time to --
You can sit there!
C'mon, hurry!
Fine.
What's your name?
♪♪
Our paths have
finally crossed...
Now the time is here.
I, too, had a duty, Helena.
At long last,
I'll be able to see you again.
[ Thunder rumbles ]
[ Wind howls, thunder crashes ]
Pardon.
You have a minute?
Go away.
Can't you see I'm busy?
Sure you are.
Alors.
The White Marginal had this
around her neck.
Mind if I keep it?
It's kinda cute,
n'est pas?
[ Gasps ]
[ Waves crashing ]
♪♪
Fena: What's your name?
Cody: It's Cody.
You don't strike me
as a soldier.
I'm here through
Lord Abel's kindness.
His kindness?
Indeed.
I was born the child
of a lowly slave
on a Maxiver plantation.
Oh.
I know who you mean.
That spoiled rich jerk,
right?
At 5, I was sold
to a brothel on Shangri La.
Lord Abel was
my guardian angel.
He saved me from the fate
of working there.
Hold on!
You lived on Shangri La?
I was there, too!
I'm well aware of that.
But how?
This may be none
of my business,
but it's impossible...
to have blue water
and storm clouds.
Voices: Which wilt thou choose?
Blue water?
Or storm clouds?
That being said,
if it is the truth you seek...
there is only one path
for you to choose.
You should know that.
Is that pasty girl
in that cabin?
Would you please leave.
While this is a ship,
it's still English territory.
We can't have you roaming around
without permission.
Stand aside!
I said to step aside,
you little runt.
You step aside.
While you're at it,
go back to your filthy ship.
You don't deserve
to be here.
Aaaah!
♪♪
Cody?!
How did you get
your grubby mitts on this?
I gave this pendant to Abel,
so tell me why you had it?
Wait, that's --
[ Grunts ]
Little brat!
How long have you and Abel
known each other?
Answer me!
Cody: Keep your hands off --
Cody!
Stupid kid.
Why is Abel so obsessed
with you?
What is it
you're scheming?
If you'd like to keep
your face pretty,
then you'd better
not lie to me.
Let go!
I don't have anything to say
to someone like you!
[ Breathing heavily ]
Nothing at all.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
You're underestimating me.
Alright then.
Now let's see how tough
you really are.
[ Fena grunting ]
Fena: L-- Let me go!
♪♪
[ Chuckles ] You don't
have the guts to --
[ Gunshot ]
I think you already
know this,
but hiding behind her
won't do you any good.
At this distance...
I can easily shoot
the wings off a fly.
You have until
the count of three
to release her.
One.
Two.
Three --
♪♪
Abel?
Uh...
Abel, you...
♪♪
At least tell me the truth
about those coordinates.
They don't point to El Dorado,
do they?
I owe you nothing...
Get out of my sight.
[ Thunder rumbles ]
♪♪
Hey, Sis?
You're sure?
We have the coordinates.
But isn't it supposed
to be impossible
to actually reach this place
without that girl in tow?
Are we just going to run away
with our tail
between our legs?
Hannah:
To hell with that!
Mary: Sis!
[ Thunder rumbles ]
O'Malley: Hard to port!
Stand ready on the cannons!
[ Thunder crashes ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Helena des Armoises.
This woman...
is your mother.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]